docs(repo): update spectral in javascript examples (#2181)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/3-javascript.md

# Spectral in JavaScript

The Spectral CLI is a thin wrapper around a JavaScript (TypeScript) API, which can be used independently to do all the same things outside of the CLI, such as linting YAML and JSON documents from a string or an object.

## Prerequisites

To use the Spectral JS API, you need to install the appropriate package.

For npm users:

```bash
npm install -g @stoplight/spectral-core
```

For Yarn users:

```bash
yarn global add @stoplight/spectral-core
```

## Get Started

Similar to using Spectral in the CLI, there are two things you'll need to run Spectral in JS:

> - A string or a file representing an API specification

Reviewer: Hey hey, something we've tried to do in the past is be consistent on naming things, as OpenAPI has a million different words to mean the same thing: https://github.com/openapi-contrib/glossary 

So i try to only talk about an "API Specification" when talking about the OpenAPI Specification. When its _your_ OpenAPI we call that an API Description. There are description documents and description formats (OpenAPI, which has a specification!). 

```suggestion
- A string or a file containing your structured data (OpenAPI, AsyncAPI, Kubernetes, etc).
```

Author: This is really helpful, and makes total sense! I'll try to use those terms and check that glossary when I'm making changes in the future. :)

# Spectral in JavaScript

The Spectral CLI is a thin wrapper around a JavaScript (TypeScript) API, which can be used independently to do all the same things outside of the CLI, such as linting YAML and JSON documents from a string or an object.

## Prerequisites

To use the Spectral JS API, you need to install the appropriate package.

For npm users:

```bash
npm install -g @stoplight/spectral-core
```

For Yarn users:

```bash
yarn global add @stoplight/spectral-core
```

### CommonJS and ESM

> The examples on this page are written in ESM. If you're using CommonJS, you have to import an additional module:

Reviewer 2: This is only for custom functions. I don't think we cover custom functions on this page, thus I think we can remove it

    },
  },
});

// we lint our document using the ruleset we passed to the Spectral object
spectral.run(myDocument).then(console.log);
```

## Load Rulesets and API Specification Files

Let's look at some other examples and how to work with external files.

### Load a JSON/YAML Ruleset

If you would like to run this example, make sure that you have:

> - An OpenAPI specification file in the same directory as your script named `petstore.yaml`. You can use the one found [here](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/examples/v3.0/petstore.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An OpenAPI description document in the same directory as your script named `petstore.yaml`. You can use the one found [here](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/examples/v3.0/petstore.yaml).
```

Can we use literally any other example than the petstore? It's a really bad spec and its very associated with old Swagger tooling. 

There's a bunch in here you could use: https://github.com/stoplightio/public-apis

Author: I thought people were still using petstore 😅 . I updated it with the Plaid API description from the repository you linked to. :)

Reviewer: Some people are but we don't have to perpetrate that. 😇

    },
  },
});

// we lint our document using the ruleset we passed to the Spectral object
spectral.run(myDocument).then(console.log);
```

## Load Rulesets and API Specification Files

Let's look at some other examples and how to work with external files.

### Load a JSON/YAML Ruleset

If you would like to run this example, make sure that you have:

- An OpenAPI specification file in the same directory as your script named `petstore.yaml`. You can use the one found [here](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/examples/v3.0/petstore.yaml).
- A ruleset file named `.spectral.yaml`. It can have the following contents:

```yaml
extends:
  - spectral:oas
```

Here's a script that shows how to load an external API specification file, and an external YAML ruleset:

```js title="example-2.mjs" lineNumbers
import * as fs from "node:fs";
import { fileURLToPath } from "node:url";
import * as path from "node:path";
import { join } from 'path';
import { bundleAndLoadRuleset } from "@stoplight/spectral-ruleset-bundler/with-loader";

> import Parsers from "@stoplight/spectral-parsers"; // make sure to install the package if you intend to use default parsers!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import * as Parsers from "@stoplight/spectral-parsers"; // make sure to install the package if you intend to use default parsers!
```

## Advanced

### How to Use a Proxy

Spectral supports HTTP(S) proxies when fetching remote assets:

```js title="example-4.mjs" lineNumbers
import { Spectral } from "@stoplight/spectral-core";
import ProxyAgent from "proxy-agent";
import { createHttpAndFileResolver } from "@stoplight/spectral-ref-resolver";

// start Spectral using a proxy
const spectral = new Spectral({
  resolver: createHttpAndFileResolver({ agent: new ProxyAgent(process.env.PROXY) }),
});

// ... load document

// ... lint document - $refs and rules will be requested using the proxy
```

### How to Use a Custom Resolver

Spectral lets you provide any custom \$ref resolver. By default, HTTP(S) and file protocols are resolved, relatively to
the document Spectral lints against. You can also add support for additional protocols, or adjust the resolution. To achieve that, you need to create a custom json-ref-resolver instance.

For example:

```js title="example-5.mjs" lineNumbers

> import { join } from "path";

Reviewer 2: this probably won't work, because we use `require` to load the module.
Suggest to leave CJS here for now until we support ESM for custom resolvers
